Update the `line-clamp` explainer (#50)
Igalia/explainers: css/line-clamp/README.md

On the other hand, the collapse variant as currently proposed would result in out of flow content (i.e. floating and positioned elements) not being clamped, and perhaps even appearing entirely outside of the `line-clamp` element's content area, even though no in-flow content is shown. The discard variant does not have this issue, since out of flow content also fragments. There is currently no specification text for this variant, however, and this could still be solved satisfatorily. (See this [CSSWG comment](https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/7708#issuecomment-1274127954) and the rest of the issue for more details.)

> **Update as of September 2025:** The CSS Working Group has resolved to use the `continue: collapse` model based on hiding content from paint, which is described by this document. The fragmentation model is still in the CSS Overflow Level 4 specification, but [there is an open issue to mark it as "at risk"](https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/12795), meaning that implementations don't need to support it. The `continue: collapse` variant has been specified, and the open questions have been satisfactorily solved. This explainer has been updated to reflect the current spec text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Update as of September 2025:** The CSS Working Group has resolved to use the `continue: collapse` model based on hiding content from paint, which is described by this document. The fragmentation model is still in the CSS Overflow Level 4 specification, but [there is an open issue to mark it as "at risk"](https://github.com/w3c/csswg-drafts/issues/12795), meaning that progress of the specification is not blocked if implementations don't support it. The `continue: collapse` variant has been specified, and the open questions have been satisfactorily solved. This explainer has been updated to reflect the current spec text.
```
